The user always retains absolute control .
Alternatively, two different fertiliser components can be applied with the double hopper with the single grain sowing bar via the under-foot fertiliser application .
Just as with seeding technology and crop protection, , a tillage solution from HORSCH can help you achieve your individual requirements and goals of arable farming in the best possible way .
In addition , the integration of a consultant or contractors into the data flow is possible, for example. .
The Pronto body also shows its advantages to the full, espcially on farms and farms with a long distancing between areas. .
We place the highest demands on our cultivators and disc harrows. .
In both versions the tank is equipped with the proven HORSCH metering technology and can , precisely , operate the Maestro's under-foot fertiliser system , or seeding bar. .
But this is a remarkable step towards standardizing the often company-specific developments in data exchange between machines and software products from different manufacturers. .
The Pronto 6 / 8 / 9 NT enables mulches and direct sowing with the proven TurboDisc in a compact design without seed wagons. .
This applies to research, design and developments , as well as to assembly, service and consulting. .
The in-line body of the Maestro DV has a wide, stable parallelogram and is equipped with springs for coulter pressure generation . standard.
Thanks to working speeds of up to 20 km/h, a high area output can be achieved even with smaller working widths. .
HORSCH is part of this development towards a simple and safe digital future for agriculture. .
HORSCH seed drills are compatible with CLAAS .
The corrugated ech and cutting discs cut organic material and the soil only in the seed .
We take the time since we go once again with the technology on our own farms with over 6,000 ha in the field - to experience for ourselves what we are developing and what we were talking about .
Coulter pressures of up to 260 kg per row can thus be achieved .
As soon as a HORSCH machine is connected to a CLAAS , tractor, data on application areas and sowing quality is transmitted to the CLAAS Telematics module via the ISOBUS. .
This results in a very low already tractive force .
Optionally, machines can be equipped with hydraulic cylinders for coulter pressure .
This information is transmitted to a server together with the tractor data and the position. .
Thus, with the innovative coulter pressure control system , the coulter pressure settings are made up to a maximum of 350 kg per row. .
The generously dimensioned seed hopper (4 000 l) guarantees short downtimes and allows sufficient cutting disc pressure even without additional ballasting. .
We take responsibilities in agriculture and sharing the feelings of our customers - this is what we need .
In way, the customer canned his tractor but also his HORSCH seed drill or HORSCH Maestro in the CLAAS Telematics .
The weight of the seed wagon is used to generate coulter pressure across the full width of the machine, , relieving the load on the wagon wheels when sowing. .
This transmits via the sophisticated machine .
The Maestro is universally suitable for a wide range of crops due to its precise grain separation. .
Seeding performance and process datum are displayed and evaluated in tables for maps. or maps. .
The agricultural origin of HORSCH and its products is the best optimal solution for soil cultivation. .
This created a manufacturer-independent documentations analysis . option.
If necessary, , additional weights of 400 kg can be mounted by the frame. .
AutoSelect HORSCH proprietary nozzle .
The proven seed wagon concept is still unique and unmatched at design. .
Due to flexible frame parts , the seeding unit has an exact ground adaptation. .
Not all machines can be perfectly adapted to their requirements for a farm .
In addition to nozzles , the range, farmer can also set the target area .
The two new HORSCH metering Systems offer the greatest possible individualization and optimal adaptation possibility for farm-specific .
Multiple nozzle carriers and a 25 cm pitch on the nozzle bar offer a wide range of possibilities. .
The new generation of AirVac and AirSpeed dosing units are basically very similar in design , according to the same dosing .
The Joker is ideally suited for shallow stubble cultivation for the stimulation of volunteer cereals, , which involves mixing in crop residues and for shallow seedbed .
With the double tank version , (5 000 l), seed and fertiliser (G F) are to be applied .
It produces a high percentage of fine soil in the horizon and is not susceptible to disturbance even when exposed to high amounts of straw, organic fertilizers or catch crops. .
They are universally suitable for many crops for the precise grain .
In addition , a micro-granulate device is available to apply for a further component. .
Individual or different nozzle positions become combined in profiles. .
The short disc is available as a CT 3-point .
With metering discs, corn, sugared beets, soybeans and other types of beans as well as rapeseed and sorghum can be reliably .
The micro-granulate device can be combined with both the double and single tank .
Up to 16 profiles were controlled. .
High area outputs are possible above all due to work speeds of up to 20 km/h. .
The AirVac systems are being based on the principle of vacuum singulation, in which the seed is sucked onto a perforated .
In addition to three components , (seed, fertiliser, micro-granulate) can be metered about one operation. .
This ensured that the optimum pressure range for the nozzle or nozzle combination used and its optimum target area distance are always guaranteed when driving speed .
The Pronto NT is a compact universal seed drill with Pronto system (cultivation, sowing and pressing) for mulch and direct sowing. .
The system works according to the overpressure principle, in which the grains are pressed against the perforated .
The machines are the futures for themselves and HORSCH Intelligence makes it possible. .
As an additional option to the Joker 3, 3.5 and 4 CT , there is the single-bar deep loosener Mono TG. .
Especially in no-till , the tooled combination of the Wellsech cutting disc and the proven TurboDisc coulter has proved decisive .
feeders, the grains pass to a separator which ensures that double occupancy is eliminated. .
It is particularly suitable on heavy sites where the soil needs to be deeply loosened but you only want to mix in crop residues .
Soil is the only tilled where seed is subsequently placed. .
With intelligent software solutions and electronics, machines , the workplace works even more efficiently and can help you save money and money .
The roller goes over and completes working .
HORSCH technology is always equipped with ISOBUS .
The special feature of this particular component is that it does not have to be replaced when changing the crop and that no adjustment work needs to be carried out on it by the driver. .
This is not only meaning that every HORSCH machined can be controlled with some ISOBUS .
It has a diameter of 300 mm ( 6 mm ) per roller for a very high speed, and additionally improves the shredding .
HORSCH TurboDisc coulters effectively adapt for uneven ground, to ensure coulter pressure , precise seed placement. .
The blades are arranged at a slight angle with constant force .
The contour separating this has been optimised n't to ensure reliable separation for crops. .
For maximum stability, the blades rest against the rotor. .
The transfer of the seed from the metering unit into the soil is the fundamental difference in the two new generations of metering units: : the seed in the AirVac system is fed into the bottom by a downpipe and pressed by the catcher roller .
In addition, every HORSCH machine with a job computer is capable of executing tasks such as SectionControl, VariableRate or job processing with TaskController as soon as necessary licenses have been activated. .
Two types of PPF system are available for sale in the UK .
The whole system will remain hydraulically with 100 bar codes and hydraulically protected against overload. .
The ISOBUS SectionControl function enables automatic sectioning .
With the AirSpeed , the separated grains are captured by an air stream, accelerated and shot with the air stream passing the shot tube into the ground. .
The new pre-implement is perfect, for example, for shredding catch crops in spring and autumn and for ultra-flat stubble cultivation in rape, sunflowers or silage maize. .
They were intercepted by the fixed catching roller. .
The roller knife is also suitable for corn borer in the silage maize .
On the one hand , the fertiliser can be applied together with the seed by using a TurboDisc coulters or, as an equipment option, separately depth-adjustable fertiliser discs among the seed rows. .
But the current position of the machine has so far been determined via GPS. .
With metering and units, , the grains pass through a grain sensor in the drop or drop tube to ensure optimum monitoring of the sowing .
The sensor's measuring technology is capable of counting and determining distances between grains and thus also transmitting information to the driver with regard to double and missed grains. .
The Terrano FX is a compact universal cultivator , thanks to the use of different coulter and is suitable both for shallow, all-over cultivation , for intensive loosening and mixing at depths of 5 to 30 cm. .
At the edge of the field, at the headland or in case of obstacles, part-width sections (single row only with Maestro) or Maestro) , the entire working widths are automatically shut down , thus avoiding overlaps. .
Due to its 3-bar, stable frame construction with high clearance, , the Terrano FX homogeneously mixes in crop residues even under diffucult .
Due to the direct connection between seed wagon and sowing unit , you have high coulter pressure on the concords cutting discs and fertiliser coulters even without additional ballast. .
With the Serto SC, HORSCH offers a compacts seeding technology 10 and 12 m widths without pre-moulds. .
As the ISOBUS TaskController, data can be downloaded easily from the PC to the terminal. .
In the same way it is possible to transfer application rates, sown and others data recorded during sows from the terminal to the PC and to document them. .
The transmitted values of the singling accuracy are clearly displayed in the terminals of the machine and additionally increase safety during sowing. .
The longer soil retention time was in the Terrano FX compared to 2-bar models and the special shape of the coulters to ensure an optimised mixing .
Its central features are a sophisticated folding technique and continuous tyre packer in combination with heavy double disc .
facilitates facilitates the maintenance of the land using planning index. .
Similar to the proven Pronto system, , two sows coulters with 16.6 cm row spacing run behind each other .
Uniform levelling and deeps reconsolidation round off the working quality Terrano and achieve an optimum seedbed beggining .
Orders could be created for processing via the integrated management. .
The new generations in AirVac and AirSpeed place electrically driven as standard and can be controlled individually for each row. .
This technology is allowing the familiar functions of single row shutdown, SectionControl, VariableRate and tramline control. .
To ensure uniform depth , the Serto is a packer for the job .
DLG Fokus is already certified to be Terrano , FX's absolute lightness . 2003.
For VariableRate , the metering systems are designed in such a way that the seed rate can be changed for each individual .
The new HORSCH PowerDisc coulter is perfectly suited for difficult conditions and ensures reliable seed placement even in coarse seedbeds with coulter pressures of up to 150 kg per individual .
ISOBUS VariableRate function enables the application of seed or ` fertiliser. .
With the best work , the Terrano FX needs 20% of less than half the average consumption off the test .
It has a high long-lasting stabilities due to very large dimensioned bearing and construction. .
But the experience of the single grains flowed into the design. .
In the case of tramline , it is possible to individually adjust the sowing rate in the rows to the left and right of tramline. .
With advanced features, full use can be made of all the measures it takes to increase precision during sowing. .
The total tank volume to the Serto is 6 000 litres divided to 60 40. .
Different coulter systems, which have changed quickly and have been optimised for specific areas of application (shallow, full-surface, intensive mixing), give the Terrano FX a wide range of applications in terms of both working depth and working quality. .
In this case the optimum amount of fertiliser and seed can be applied to each sub-area within a field using a suitable application .
Just as with soil cultivation and Horsch seeding , the crop protection solutions enable you to achieve your individual requirements and goals in arable farming at the best possible way. .
But when using a HORSCH Touch 800 ? 1200 terminal, the MultiControl function can also be used. .
We place the highest demands on our Leeb and they are self-propelled cropping protection sprayers or sprayers. trailed . sprayers.
This means that either 6 000 litres of seed can be spread or seed and fertiliser in combination with a tank layout of 3 to 600 litres at the front and 400 litres at rear. .
This applies to research, design and development as well as to assembly, service and consulting. .
This very Terrano FX is guided precisely in depth to the tractor hydraulics but not the packer .
For a third component was an optional 300 litre tank for micro granules. .
If SectionControl 's activated, , MultiControl allows the independent switching and switching off of seed and fertiliser. .
The depth is adjusted by means of the AluClips, , which limit the lowering depth of the cultivator frame into relation to the packer. .
Track eradicator tines or corrugate disc track eradicators are available on loosening of the tracks of the tractor. .
If the sowing is carried out site-specifically with VariableRate, , MultiControl varies the amount of fertiliser and seed independently of each other. .
We take the time for extensive studies, to go once again with the technology of our own farms with over 6,000 ha in the field - to experience for ourselves what we are developing and what we are talking about .
The paired corrugated discs are ideal, on heavy soils, as no coarse structures are broken out of the seedbed and the tolerance for crop residue is particularly high. .
A robust TerraGrip tine ensures constant coulter guidances with the desired working depth. .
Without MultiControl, , seed or fertiliser can be switched on and off at the right time with SectionControl or seed or fertiliser that can be varied with VariableRate. .
We take responsibility in agriculture and say the feelings of our costomer - this is what we are passionate about .
The machine is folded to transport a widths of 3 m at the push of a button. .
The machines of the future think for themselves and make English possible. .
The coulters 's intensive <eos> ensure the gentle mixing of the soil. .
The country 's power requirement is absolutely low even on light soils due to continuous packer .
Due to the optimised arrangement of the disc , levelling, "straw swaths" are avoided and the surface is evenly levelled. .
This agricultural plant has its origins in HORSCH , its products in plant protection and optimal solution. .
With intelligent solutions through freesoft and electronics, HORSCH machines that work even more efficiently , you save money and nerves. .
The Terrano's beam design transfers the tines' pull-in forces without loss to the packer, where they are used to strip deep, .
The narrow seed hopper provides easy access to the components and allows perfect view of the machine and field. .
HORSCH technology will always be equipped with the ISOBUS .
The Terrano FM is suitable from shallow stubble cultivation to medium deep soiled cultivation, depending on the tractor .
All machines on display can be perfectly adapted for your (soils, climate, farm .
This has not meant that every HORSCH machine can be controlled with any ISOBUS .
For example , power, Serto 12 SW is available for large volume seed wagons at (17 000 l). .
It achieves an intensive mixture due to the 4-bar structure and still remains lightly drawn with a line spacing of 27 cm. .
In addition, , every HORSCH machine with a computer is capable of executing functions such as SectionControl, VariableRate or job processing with the TaskController , as soon as the necessary licenses have been activated. .
But in the shortest possible time with fewer machines - thanks to this strategy, - entrepreneurs are able to operate successfully .
The FM Terrano were a large passage for blockage-free working with larger quantities of crop residues. .
As a manufacturer of crop protection products , it is our goal to support farmers and entrepreneurs with efficient and precise technology. .
Our developers do their utmost to offer the right solutions for the special requirements of application technology in the crop protection sector and to design a powerful and flexible machine for a wide range of applications. .
It is equipped in the third generation of TerraGrip tines - these stand for precise coulter guidance through high release .
ISOBUS SectionControl function enables automatic section control. .
The result is a new generation of Leeb PT that combines driving performance with maximum application .
With the three-part tank there is a possibility of contact with fertilisation or the application of mixtures. .
The Serto SW also relies on the PowerDisc coulter for working without pre-tools at high pressure up to 150 kg. .
Due to large dimensioned , they are maintenance-free and very robust. .
The currents of the machine is determined via GPS. .
The new PT leaves little to be desired and offers more possibilities than ever : more ground , more driving , more climbing and more choice in working .
The proven MulchMix coulter ensures an excellent mixing with lowing tractive power .
In the field, the Terrano FM turns on packer, which ensures maximum soil protection at the headland. .
On the edge of the field, at the headland or in cases of obstacles, part-width sections or the entire width are automatically switched to off, thus avoiding overlaps. .
In short, , the PT is offering universal and limitless variability for the highest demands in terms of both technologies and driving experience. .
Due to the hydraulic weight , the weight of the seed wagon is automatically transferred to the side wings , thus switching evenly to seed .
With the ISOBUS TaskController, data can be transferred easily from the PC to terminal. .
Shuttle HORSCH makes him shine. .
The turret chassis swings HALLS down the road and swaps positions with the middle packer .
In the same way it is possible to transfer application rates, sown and others data recorded during sow from the terminal to the PC and to document them. .
But the one-shot of exactly one filling is always transported to the point of pointing .
The undercarriage is located centrally the machine and ensures high stability and driving comfort during transport. .
Depending on the farm , the output of the crop increases .
Thus, seed waggon, said the same pressure would be applied to each individual seed .
The time of road trip and the purging process .
This facilitates the maintenance of the land and planning .
The disc levelling system for maintenance-free oil bath bearing ensures uniform soil levelling even before the packer. .
The large-volume pump on the shuttle ensures the transfer process within a few minutes and subsequently provides the time required for the correct, flushing of the various brewing components when preparing for the next work .
Orders can be created and processed via integrated order .
The rest is done on the Terrano FM by the very robust and sophisticated double RollPack .
Due to the Serto concept - with the continuous packer, and the ease of pulling the Serto SC - SC is also given here. .
The specially arranged baffles, sway-free the attachment to the truck and the perfect balance provided by the separate fresh water tanks to ensure safe driving even at the top .
Due to its stable design, it is suitable for almost all types of soil. .
The ISOBUS VariableRate function enables the application of seeds and fertiliser. .
Track loosening discs out the tracks on the wagon and ensure equal air conditioning for all PowerDisc .
With attached high-pressure , dirty machines can be easily cleaned in field. .
interlock packer rings ensure goods . self-cleaning.
In this case the optimum amounts of fertiliser and seed can be applied for each sub-area within a field using a suitable application .
Work peaks and tight time frames require high impact in each individual .
When a HORSCH Touch is installed in 1200 terminal, , the MultiControl function can also be used. .
Its depth control is comfortably carried via via packer and the pendulum support wheels. .
Large field distances, highs application rates and long induction again reduces the performance of the crop .
If SectionControl is to , MultiControl allows independents switching on and off of seeding and fertiliser. .
This enables a uniform depth placement across the entire working width in combinations with the hydraulic weights that creates the prerequisite for homogeneous field emergence. .
The proven aluminium clips are clamped , for example .
Unavoidable downtimes increases costs and at the same time reducing the time for optimal application. .
If the sow is carried out , site-specifically with VariableRate, can vary the amount of fertiliser and seed independently of each other. .
The HORSCH operator never lost sight of the products that have made its reputation for being the first seeding impactors to have left a impression. .
Despite enormous working width, , the Terrano FM is having a transport width of <eos> metres with a frame height of 600 mm and 3.63 metres with a frame height of 750 mm. .
With 8 000 L, everyone can concentrate on their core competence and the machines perform into the area of greatest strength. .
Going back to the early days of the company, , Michael Horsch developed and built a machine that was suitable for direct seeding. .
The arguments at the time were: minimise soil encroachment, promote soil life and, in the context of falling prices for agricultural products, and cost savings. .
Without MultiControl, , either seed or fertiliser can be switched on and off at the right time with SectionControl seed or fertiliser that can be varied with VariableRate. .
As a 365 FarmNet , use the HORSCH FillAssist function in your 365 App. .
With the opening of the Eastern markets for the 1990s, there was suddenly a large market to no-till .
While the program currently increases existing capacities in farms with the highest workload in the future , it will take on a leading role in crop protection. .
The different lie of a third generation TerraGrip .
The introduction of autonomous crop protection sprayers in a segregated area away from public roads and busy infrastructure has significantly more hurdles to overcome than the necessary feed ring .
The 3 m version tines with a passage of 60 cm, the 3.63 m version has tines with a passage of 75 cm. .
However, for the large areas in east, and the PTO-driven technology were not available for comment .
The shuttle is the first practical interface from the human-controlled to computer-controlled part of the plant .
As soon as a planned crop protection measure is called up in the app, required agent quantities and the required number of tank fillings for the job are calculated depending on the tank size of your crop protection .
The HORSCH Shuttle convinces with its compact design, high impact force during filling in the field and precise metering. .
As a result, the tines have different forces - 630 kg for the 3 m version with the 600 tine handle and 515 kg for the 3.63 m version of the 750 tine .
With the experience gaining it from no-till, , Michael Horsch developed tine-based no-till technology for the eastern markets, which successfully sold today. .
This means that you always had all the information you need for filling the syringe you put on your tablet. .
The divisible container will help with the transporting of two different goods and their separate emptying. .
You can select deselect or strokes to measure the calculations automatically .
In recent years , past, considerations arose to have included directing seed drills with disc coulters. .
In request, the controling of the gate is electric. .
Worked-off plots can be marked and partial plots can be entered. .
Terrano GX is a defined all-rounder, which works perfectly for shallow as as well as deep soil cultivation for up to 25 years .
Firstly, called for the Latin American markets, to minimise soil and protect against erosion. .
While augers place greater mechanical stress on the goods being transferred and often considerably reduced , the conveyor belt is gentle on seed and fertiliser and can be emptied completely due to the shaped flights. .
Terrano GX is available as a 3- and 4-bar universal cultivators and thus combines the requirements of every customer. .
But also in other regions , single disc coulter technology is highly interesting - especially in Europe with increasing requirements in the area of intercrop seeding or seeding of main crops into intercrops regions with the challenge of resistant weeds. .
widths range from 4 for 6 in metres. .
Whether fertilisers is to be delivered to the field for start-up, seed and fertiliser are to be transported to the seed drill or temporary grain is to be moved away for flexible use .
Parts of Germany and France were in need of new seeding technologies with reduced ground movement - a very clear task for the Avatar. .
It is equipped with the third generation TerraGrip tine, which lies flat in the frame and has a release force of 550 kg. .
Due to the standardised coupling points on the truck, , the shuttles can be exchanged at willing and can be dismantled and assembled in simple steps using a forklift or telescopic loader. .
In this case , the remaining required quantity of spray liquid for the entire job and for the currently processed field to be updated and displayed. .
large-dimensioned pivot points ensure a maintenance-free service .
Disc coulter thechnologic plays an important role in large parts of Kazakhstan and China. .
All the basic functions remain unchanged. .
The cultivator will be equipped with many coulter variants, so that it is ready for use at any time of year and can cope with the most varied soil conditions .
For the next tank , whether full or partial, the average quantities are displayed so that the calculation does not have to be made in the head or by calculator. .
The tilting function and the funnel-shaped design ensure that the container can be emptied .
undercarriage of the Terrano GX are located behind the tine field, in front of the levelling .
Insertable grid sieves ensured the quality of goods would be transported. .
These are all reasons for our company to develop its own avatar .
The chassis with its large-dimensioned tyres is used both for road transport and for turning at headland. .
The large dimensioned conveyor belt is characterized on the one hand by the fully variable adjustable overloading height, and on the other hand by overloads .
The sophisticate kinematics of the undercarriage to ensure both high ground clearance when raised and safe swinging of the tyres outs of the area in the lowered position. .
The HORSCH company has never lost sight of the products that have made its reputation for years: the First seeder-exactors and left a lasting legacy .
Going back to the early days of the company, , Michael Horsch got married and built a house that was suitable for direct seeding. .
The new HORSCH Titan 34 UW reloading wagon stands to power harvesting in a new dimension. .
The position of the chassis is chosen to ensure manoeuvrability goods in a field and a high level of driving comfort .
In order to make optimum use of the tractive power to bring the available power to the ground, , the Terrano GX is equipped with a tractive power booster, which permanently presses 1 to 200 kg onto the rear axle of the tractor .
It inherits the genes of the first HORSCH wagons and raises them to a completely new technical level. .
The arguments at the time were: minimise soil encroachment, promote soil life and, in the context of falling prices for agricultural products, and cost savings. .
If the traction booster is required, because it is being carried out, it can be switched off at any time by means of a shut-off .
Thanks to the large tank volume of 34 m³, waiting times at the edge of the field , awkward manoeuvring will be a thing of the past .
This is activated simply by depressurizing the control unit to lifting and lowering, without additional control unit or cylinders. .
With the opening of the Eastern markets in 1990s, , there was a large market for no-till .
The volume of the UW corresponds to tea trucking .
However, has large areas in the east, where the PTO-driven technology was not applicable. .
For levelling, there is a choice between the oil-bath mounted to aggressively spread the material in front , which is the packer, or the levellers, which spread the material to ensure perfect levelling. .
These are thus filled in swoop. .
With a no-till, experience , Michael Horsch developed tine-based no-till technology for the eastern markets, , which is still successfully sold there .
The newly designed hydraulically folding screw conveyors (ø 600 mm) has a capacity of 18 tons per minute, which corresponds to a gigantic 000 000 tons per hour! .
The Terrano GX will be designed best to be equipped with a single or double packer. .
In recent years , firsts considerations arose to develop directed seed drills .
Of their 34 m³ , reloads are in only 90 .
purpose, for this new packer variants have been developed to cover every spectrum of use. .
Firstly, called for Latin American markets, to protect their soil and protect against erosion. .
During field travel, , auger is folded down and stored securely into a support. .
But also in other regions the singling disc coulter technology is highly interesting - especially in Europe with increasing requirements in the area of intercrop seeded or seeding of main crops into intercrops or in regions with the challenge of resistant weeds. .
For work in wets conditions or to order winter furrow, is the option to remove every second ring on the RingFlex .
In the end , the bent worm does not protrude to either .
The tiny contact area prevents reconsolidation and clogging of the packers and guide the machine in depth. .
The width for roads travel is less than three metres. .
Parts of Germany and France are in need of new seeding technologies with reduced soil movement effects - a clear area of responsibility for the environment .
Disc coulter technology also plays an important role in large parts of Kazakhstan and China. .
These are all reasons for the company to develop its own avatar .
The Titan 34 UW (in wheel comes with telescopic axles as standard. .
The packer programs for the people Terrano has been further expanded. .
Farm specializations, farm expansions, said the structural change in agriculture is progressing rapidly and is also presenting agricultural engineering with completely new tasks. .
This moves each tyre outwards by 30 cm. .
RingFlex Packer , SteelDisc and Packer are available as single packers. .
Optimisation of soil sowing and harvesting techniques as well as cost reduction are the requirements - at the same time increasing yields and improving the quality of the harvested crop. .
The vehicle 's width thus increases from 3 m to 3.56 .
The newly advanced SteelFlex Packer, Double RingFlex Packer and Double RollPack Packer are available as doubling to packer .
This increased stability and reduces ground pressure, as the tyres of the trailer do not run into the tractors .
The Terrano MT is designed especially for the "mix top, on the bottom" .
The cultivator has a central chassis and a 4-bar superstructure with rows of disc + 2 rows of tines). .
Another means of protecting the ground are the large-dimension tyres of (900 60 R . 32).
As a developer and pioneer, , HORSCH has been one of the leading manufacturers of tillage and seeding technology. .
It is particularly suitable for working heavy soils that need to be deeply loosened, but on which crop residues can only be mixed in shallowly to prevent some coarse soil from transporting the surface. .
An optional tracked undercarriage is available for maximum footprint. .
In addition, the 2-row DiscSystem enables shallow and intensively mixing soil cultivation and blockage-free working with difficult residues and high straw quantities. .
Innovative ideas from practice for practice - how technology systems and high-grade machines are created - correspond to the latest findings in terms of quality, robustness and durability. .
Other features include an integrated high weighing system , a pneumatic braking system and a clearly visible indicator for the opening status of the screw conveyor .
The DiscSystem produces a lot of fine soil and the working depth can be infinitely adjusted .
From the platform on the drawbar you can climb upped or into the wagon via ladder. .
It is followed by a 2-bar zinc system. .
In addition , addition, advises companies on the development of individual management concepts and process chains - together with its sales and service partners, - that ensures the fastest possible repairs and an immediate supply of spare parts .
This has been relatively easy to pull due to the large line spacing of 40 cm and 40 mm narrow LD (low .
The trolley has steps of the auger so that it can be climbed into for cleaning or maintenance. .
A generation with which seedbed preparation, and sowing fertilised can be found in one .
The HORSCH seed wagon is characterized by its easy , fast and safe filling due to large filling openings and comfortable walkways. .
In the first tow rows of the Terrano MT there is a disc harrow followed by two rows of TerraGrip tines with a narrowing LD (low disturbance) .
Short set-up times and capacities of 12,000 to 21,000 litre result in maximum impact in power for large-scale operation of all kinds. .
The robust tines seed drill has its strengths above those at mulch .
The choice of double or triple tank and the liquid fertiliser option allow the farmer to choose the perfect fertiliser and seed combination for sowing. .
The sturdy frame construction with light-weight seed coulters and large-volume seed hoppers enables high acreage output with an optimum cost-benefit ratio. .
Various pneumatic systems allow the coupling to reach a wide range of HORSCH seed drills and soil tillage .
The HORSCH SteelDisc packer is used at maximum time .
Especially in HORSCH seeding technology , the Tripletank seed wagons stand out due to their high variability of tank use. .
With Sprinter, , you can not only bundle time-consuming work processes into a single operation. .
It enables intensive loosening up to a depth of 30 cm at a low level .
They allow precise placement of fertilizer (PPF under the seed rows as well as the possibility to make a fertilizer starter with the seed (G & F). .
At the same time you also increase the precision in seed placement , fertilisation. and fertilisation. .
Carefully work with tyre packers to ensure optimum soil contact about the seed. .
The SW 12000 is a flexible solution of carrying and spreading large quantities of fertiliser and seed. .
Coarse soil is thus hardly transported to the surface and has been harrow on the horizon .
The new Ultra LD coulters further enhance effect. .
The use of the Sprinter leads not only to significant time savings but also to a more uniform field emergence , more resistant seedlings and PPF PPF .
They break up the soil and no longer convey clods to the top. .
In this environment , way, creates the ideal conditions for fully exploit and securing the expected earnings .
Its centring chassis ensures the Terrano MT superior manoeuvrability at the headland and good handling characteristics on the road. .
The multi-beam frame of the Sprinter is supported by lead support wheels , front packers and tandems packer. .
Depending onto the desired components and their number, , HORSCH offers a tripletank solution for SW 12003. .
In wet conditions, , example, can also use depth control - so less weight are transferred to the packer. .
Both seed wagons are available in liquid fertiliser .
The frames frames some segments almost separately in depth. .
The large-dimensioned tyres ensure maximum protections of ground when driving over it. .
This allows them to adjust exactly to the soil surface and place the seed .
With six possible hydraulic control units, ISOBUS line, electronic and pneumatic lines routed through the seed , the seeded wagon can be used with any implement. .
This is for maximum reconsolidation , the HORSCH SteelDisc Packer with 58 cm diameter and a weight of 175 kg/m .
The lifting of entire frames is moved accordingly to achieve fast turning times and to set the machine in and out .
For seed wagons SW 12000, SW 12003 as well as SW 17003 , HORSCH offers an optional liquids fertiliser .
All Sprinter ST are equipped with large volume seed hoppers up to 5 000 litres. .
There is even suitable <eos> on the heaviest soils and its packer element can leave a good soil .
The seed wagon 12000 has 6 000 litre tank, seed wagons 12003 and 17003 's 4 000 litre tank making corrosion resistant .
The seed wagon at the Sprinter SW holds 8,000 litres of seed fertiliser for maximum impact. .
In addition, , the MT is English 's most effective double rollers. .
A clear control element and the clearly visible fill level indicator on the side of the seed , known as a spacious tool , offer great clarity and ensure the HORSCH user-friendliness that is so highly valued by customers. .
This can be doubled to RollFlex or a RollPack .
The sowing coulters are mounted on sturdy tines with overload .
This simply designed, well thought-out liquid fertiliser system in its convenient accessibility and self-explanatory operability inspires farmers over world. .
The release pressured more than 200 kg. .
A new feature of the Tiger is now the possibility to equip the heavies cultivators with a fully-fledged double .
This ensures a constant coulter of the desired sowing depth with more problematic soil types and conditions. .
The HORSCH seed wagon 21000 is characterized by its tripletank system which allows optimal distribution of seed and fertilizer components to achieve the highest performance. .
The easily accessible, spacious platform as well as the large filling openings of the individual tanks reduce the set-up times and thus additionally increase the productivity of the entire combination. .
I was particularly suitable for heavy soils that require a special crushing of the clods. .
coulters sowing deposit without seeds .
A harrowing (except 8 Sprinter ST 12 SW) ensured .
Turning is done gently on the packer, where the undercarriage is used for transport and is swivelled into this purpose. .
Cruiser mixes and distributes excellently its 6 bars. .
Finally, each seed band is pressed on a tyre and packer with AS profile. .
Proven HORSCH components, plastic tanks, is the very precise calibration of the metering rotors and the large tank capacity round off the simple, is clear above that very powerful SW 21000 .
The Sprinter is a robust, compact and versatile tines seeder in an 8 to 12 metre working widths. .
The passage on the tines handle of 700 mm also allows high quantities of harvest .
The optional caterpillar track system with 4.2 m² contact area reduces very grounded pressure and enables longer sowing in wet conditions. .
The Duett coulter makes it possible to sow, fertilise and at the same time effectively work the soil and produce fine soil into the seed placement area rather than in one .
The working depth is easily controlled by the front support wheels and the packer. .
tines of the Sprinter effectively remove the crop from the seed .
The drawbar with a tidy wardrobe allows for maximum manoeuvrability despite the size of this team. .
The Cruiser XL was a 6-bar specialist for shallow and medium deep tillage. .
With its large-volume seed , the Sprinter achieves high output. .
Working widths from 5 to 7.5 metres are available. .
The Partner at rearing tank is designed as a double tank. .
The total volume of 800 litres is divided in a ratio of 40 : 60. .
It is equips with the HORSCH spring tine, which lies inconspicuously in the frame and has a release force of 150 kg. .
The seed coulters of the Sprinter are arranged with 3 bars (Sprinter 12 SW with 2 bars) with a distance of 25 cm to 32 cm. .
The design requires the dosing of two different components or one component from tanks in order to use the total volume. .
The cultivator can be equipped with all four different coulter variants and is therefore ready for use in any season. .
optimally prepare the seedbed. soil for loosened, mixing and crushed with cultivator .
The HORSCH MultiGrip tine has a tuned spring characteristic with 285 kg coulter .
In addition, fertilization , efficiencies increases costs versus conventional fertilization. .
The undercarriage in the Cruiser 5 and 6 XL is located behind the tine field, in fronted of the levelling .
The optimised spring package enables precise coulter guidance at the desired sow depth - even in heavies .
Especially with a phosphate, system to help improve fertiliser .
High-quality materials and large-dimension points eliminate the need for any lubrication .
The chassis with its large-dimension tyres uses both for road transport and for the turnings .
The seed coulters of the Sprinter are arranged in 2 or 3 bars with a distance between the coulters of 25 cm to 32 cm on (depending .
Next placed fertilizer immediately and permanently available to the plants. .
There are several coulters that should be chosen and can be changed without any problems. .
The HORSCH Partner should be carried on the 3-point of the tractor. .
With the 7 XL, turning on the packer is gentle on the ground, so the load of the machine on the headland is distributed over the entire width of machine. .
The seeding coulters do the seedbed movie .
The sophisticated kinematics of the undercarriage ensure both highs ground when raised and safe swinging the tyres of the working area in the lowered position. .
The combination with HORSCH soil implements such as a RT, Terrano FM / MT / GX) can be carried out via lower link attachment for the Partner HT, K ball head coupling or towing hitch. .
The soil is loosened, mixed and crushed like a cultivator. .
The design in the rear tank allows an optimum view of the implements. .
The position of the chassis is chosen to ensure manoeuvrability in the field is ca high enough level of driving comfort on the road. .
The MiniDrill was developed to turn a soil tillage implement into a precise seed drill with little effort. .
In what the seeding area, are , remove stones, coarse soil chunks residues of the seeding .
In order to be able to tractive the power optimally and bring it to the ground, , the Cruiser XL is equipped with a fully integrated tractive power booster, which presses permanently with 1 to 200 kg of the rear axle of the tractor .
It has a 400 litre tank for a uniformly high application rate of 160 kg/ha. .
The seeds are placed precisely in this area so the plant can develop its roots .
This is activated simply by depressurizing the control unit to lowering lifting - without additional control units or cylinders. .
The pressure tank significantly reduces segregation and seed mixtures, are becoming more and more popular. .
For an optimum coverage of the seed after the seed coulters and an even greater distribution of the loose soil and crop residues over the seed bands, , a 2-row harrow is used in the Sprinter (on Sprinter 8 ST and 12 SW is done via disc levelling). .
The Cruiser SL is the new specialist for shallow tillage in 3-point working in widths of 5 and 6 metres. .
A metering unit of the Pronto uses the appropriate metering shaft to feed the seed directly into the distributions , where it is evenly distributed via baffle plates in front of the packer. .
Our packers ensure an optimal seedbed through their method of operation, that nothing stands in the way of a problem-free .
With a maximum working depths of 15 cm, it is equally suitable for perfect stubble cultivation with optimum straw distribution to combine threshing, seedbed preparation, as a fine cultivator for mechanical weed control for loosening and aerating the soil in spring. .
The harrow can be adjusted in height .
For optimum lateral distribution, there are six evenly distributed outlets in front of or behind the packer up to 3 m work width and 12 outlets from 4 m working .
Cruiser levels are excellently due to its 4-beam .
Due to the special design of the tine above the frame, it achieves a passage of 70 cm, which considerably increase the passage in the fine cultivators .
Finally, a tandem packer presses the seed .
For special solutions, , the MiniDrill Solo is available with a central downpipe, allowing the MiniDrill to be coupled directly to the distribution .
The packer is arranged so many times that the tyre runs exactly like a sowing coulter. .
In this way, the seed of each individual seed band are pressed and receive an optimum soil seal. .
The narrow line spacing of 16 cm ensures an optimum mixing ratio and perfect crumbling on the surface. .
Another upgrade for our Cruiser SL is our new RingFlex Packer, with its wide rings of 7 cm and it has a high contact area. .
The outlets is supplied by the very quiet hydraulic blower, which gets 20 for for 25 l/min and can therefore be operated with any tractor. .
The other tires have a tread and are filled with air. .
The control is simply carried out via the familiar operating screen of the HORSCH seeding .
This means that accurate depth control but lighter conditions is no problem. .
The tyre tread and the rolling effect keep the tyre continuously clean even under wet conditions .
Furthermore, it produces a high amount of fine soil, which is optimal for the emergence of crop. .
Any ISOBUS-capable terminal can be used to do this .
For road transport, , the middle segment serves as chassis. .
HORSCH solutions for hybrid farming help you - just as in seeding technologies or crop protection - to achieve your individual requirements and goals in arable farming in the vest way. .
An additional front packers on the Sprinter improves soil cultivation and levelling and supports precise seeded placement. .
We place the highest demands on our harrows, and cultivators. .
The Sprinter NT 11 24 m working widths stands at maximum impact .
tractor. is automatically controlled by the speed and the linkage of controlling chocolate .
This applies to research, design and development as well as to the assembly, Service and consulting. .
We take the time for extensive studies, - once again with the technology on our own farms with over 6,000 ha in the field - to experience for ourselves what we are developing and what we are talking about .
A signal could be taken either via the 7-pin socket or via a radar .
We take responsibility in agriculture and share the feelings of our customers - this is what we are passionate about .
The HORSCH NT chisel coulter seeding technique allows a high proportion of fine soil in a seed row and the placement of the seed in a so-called "open furrow". .
The agricultural origin makes HORSCH products and provides optimal solutions in hybrid agriculture. .
Electronics and the enable new functions in and around the machine year after year .
The seed coulter forms a furrow , clearing and clods organic material from seed horizon. .
All machines can be perfectly adapted to requirements for (soils, climate, farm sizes...) in the field of hybrid agriculture. .
The seed is placed in furrow and fixed in moist soil by the pressure .
This meaning that field emergence is achieved even under extreme climatic conditions .
ISOBUS SectionControl functions enables automatic individual segments .
In our industry, we are at the very beginning of the intelligent networking of functions, machines and services. .
It can sow in both cultivated and uncultivated soil and is ideal for direct sowing. .
The Sprinter 24 NT achieves maximums performance thanks to its width and matching 17 000 litre SW 17000 SD seed .
But the currents ' position is determined via GPS. .
A 15 meter wide version has some special features. .
HORSCH We intend to make even more consistent use of the resulting opportunities for optimizing work processes and information flows for our customers .
That is , though we are working on the automation and connectivity of our machined with an enlarged development team in the field of engineering. systems .
This means that at least boundaries, headlands, overlaps or defined areas, parallelograms are automatically lifted .
Here more seed wagons and seeding unit are a compact unit. .
Just as in tillage and crop protection, , seeding solutions can help you to make your individual requirements and goals in arable farming in the best possible way .
Sprinter 11 / 15 NT also have a slightly smaller seed wagon with a capacity of 12 000 litres. .
We attach great importance to reliability or components and functions. .
Farm specializations, farm expansions, expansions, said : communities: The structural change in agriculture is progressing rapidly and also presenting agricultural engineering with completely fresh tasks. .
We place the highest demands on our sowing machines - 3-point universal furrow/disc sowing , technology, tine sowing technology and precision seed . drills.
Our goal is to continuously improve the ease of operation and productivity of HORSCH machines , electronics, software and telemetric data connections, while at the same time continually reducing electronics-related .
Optimisation of soil sowing and harvesting techniques as well as cost reduction are the requirements - while at the same time increasing yields and improving the quality of the harvested crop. .
This applies to research, design and developments as well as to assembly, service and consulting. .
To ensure the smooth electronic coupling of our machines by tractors and farm management , we are working together with many other agricultural machinery manufacturers in the AEF on the practical standardization of ISOBUS and data interfaces. .
We take the time for extensive to go once again with technology on our own farms with over 6,000 ha in the field - to experience for ourselves what we are being developping up and what we are talking about .
In the following years we present some current and future functions and products from our electronics development areas about sowing crop protection technology and telemetry. .
As a developer and pioneer, , HORSCH has become one of the leading manufacturers of tillage in the world .
We share responsibility in agriculture and share the feelings of our customers - this is what we are passionate about .
Innovative ideas of practice to practice - this is how technology systems and high-grade machines are creating which correspond to the latest findings in terms of quality, robustness and durability. .
The agricultural origin is HORSCH its products in seeding technologies for optimal solution. .
The coulter pressure controll HORSCH allows the user a permanent, automatic adjustment of coulter pressure , according to pre-selected .
addition, HORSCH advises companies on the development of individual management concepts and process chains - and, together with its sales and service partners, ensures seamless support, the fastest possible repairs and an immediate supply of spare parts .
This continuously compensates soil for difference or varying soil conditions. .
All the machines on this planet can be perfectly adapts to hard requirements , (soils, climate, said .
A generation with which seedbed preparation, and sowing fertilising can be managed in one operation. .
The sowing of crops such as maize, , soybeans or sugar is not only the distribution of the grains in the row , but the reliable observance of the placement depth is decisive because of optimum yields at the respective location. .
A robust tine seeding drill has its strengths above all in mulch .
Express KR combines proven HORSCH seeding technology with PTO driven tillage air power .
It enables intensive preparation under difficult circumstances .
The latter is ensured on the one hand by the arrangement of the depth control wheels directly next to the seed coulter and on the other hand by sufficient coulter .
The Kredo rotary harrow has 10 rotors m working .
It is designed for maximum stability even in stony .
The sturdy frame constructions with light-weight seed coulters and large-volume seed hoppers enables high acreage output that is an optimum cost-benefit .
The HORSCH Maestro precision air seeder operates at a maximum coulter pressure of 350 kgs per row. .
With the Sprinter, you can not only bundle time-consuming processes into a single operation. .
It can be equipped to quick-change tines on tow or handle. .
Especially in the case of heterogeneous soil types and varying soil moisture, , the correct coulter pressure often arises in practice. .
At the same time you can increase the precision in seed placement and fertilisation. .
Tines with a hard metal coating are available for maximum service .
Carefully working tyre packers ensure an optimum soil contact of the seed. .
Here, the proven coating technology in the cultivator tine sector is used. .
The cultivator usually focuses on the most difficult soil type in the field and adjusts the coulter pressure in order to precisely maintain the desired placement depth there and to ensure that the seed is pressing into the horizon as optimally as possible .
The use of the Sprinter leads not only to significant savings but also to a more uniform emergence and more resistant seedlings , (HORSCH said .
The fine adjustment of the depth of the power harrow is easily accessible and clearly visible from the outside. .
As a result , the pressure in the other soil zones of the field is sometimes too much , resulting in compaction or obstacles to the development of the crop .
The sensor technology required for HORSCH AutoForce is located in the tandem connection of the depth guide wheels and measures the weight load on the depth guide .
levelling can be adjusted just as easily. .
The weight is recorded by means of strain gauges and is fully integrated into the hardware and software of the HORSCH .
In establishing way, you create the ideal conditions for fully exploiting and then securing the expected earnings .
It Express KR has three packer .
The basic design of the Focus MT is based on the proven concept of the HORSCH Tiger .
The control systme itself permanently intervenes in the standard hydraulic coulter pressure system .
HORSCH AutoForce has been available as additional equipment since 2016 and is characterized by easy integration into the existing HORSCH Maestro single grain .
The tool sequence starts with a 2-row heavy disc 2-row for maximum chopping of crop but residues intensive mixing, followed by two rows of tines for intensive loosening and precise fertiliser .
The tooth roller with a large 64 cm diameter is suitable for all conditions. .
It is the only system on the market that can guarantee the coulter pressure by powering hydraulic transmission from the centre of the machine to the outer wings over the entire width of standard. .
It has a high load capacity even on front soils, which is having a positive effect on tractive effort and diesel .
That makes automatics coulter pressure control so useful. .
ContourFarming this automatic adjustment of the metering frequency corner over the entire machine .
Before the RingFlex or tyre packer, the disc leveled the unit effectively .
For crops such as sunflowers or sugar , an optimum sowing rate target density is specified by the breeder, depending on the variety and is usually based on trials. .
The Focus MT can use all crops and crop residues. .
The trapezoidal ring has a diameter of 50 cm for heavy soils in reconsolidation , or 60 cm for varying soils from light to heavy with high load capacity .
Each variety of a certain tolerance range from 60 000 to 75 000 plants per hectare. .
It was a perfect seed , even under heavy rain and cohesive .
The seed rate should also be within this range of headland or cornering or turning. .
The frame height to 85 cm guarantees maximum passage , according to blockage-free .
The FarmFlex packer is particularly suitable for medium soils with cohesion. lows .
Use coulter without cultivation for autumn .
The HORSCH Maestro series with its individually driven electrically units offers the ideal basis for integrating an automatic adjustment of the seed rate when cornering or curving. .
Perfect loosening , mixing for the following spring .
The robust rubber roller with a diameter of 54 cm produces a stripwise reconsolidation in groove form and reduces the crusting effect of the soil (only available for Express 3 .
addition, said it is possible to set up targeted fertilizer depots for corn, sunflowers and soybeans. .
With a line spacing of 35 cm, , all row systems 35 to 70 cm can be operated. .
Placing fertiliser in the autumn has the great advantage that the sensitive soils do not have to be worked out deeply in the spring, but the effect of the targeted depot can still be fully exploited. .
With the ContourFarming , the Maestro 16, 24 and 36 SW are equipped with two additional radar sensors for speed detection, which are mounted on the opposite wing ends of the machine to record the speed there. .
Focus TD represents the consistent further development of the "StripTill .
flexibility, Express is available with singled or double tank. .
Points such as targeted loosening in a row in combination with concentrated fertiliser placement were implemented with proven components and combined with the well-known Pronto sowing technique. .
With double tank version, , two components can metered into the same seed flow and are placed together in the seed .
A standard radar sensor is located in the middle of the machine. .
The adjustment of the sowing depth is done hydraulically and is staked with the well-known coloured aluminium clips. .
When the machine makes a turn, , the radar sensor on the inside of the turn registers a slower speed and the radar sensor onto the outside of the turn registers a higher speed. .
The new generation of AirVac AirSpeed dosing units are basically very similar in design and work according to the same dosing .
As soon as this difference is greater than 0.6 km/h, each individual row of motors , the metering units is automatically supplied with a value that corrects the change in speed on the basis of a stored control .
They are universally suitable for many crops for very precise grain separation. .
Express KR has a frame and the setting of the rotary harrow does not affect the sowing .
With different metering discs, corn, sugar , soybeans and other types of beans as well as rapeseed and sorghum can be reliably .
In terms of the time , the machine thus places less seed in the rows between the inside of the curve and more seed on the outside of the curve, , which means that the sowing rate per hectare remains constant. .
The TurboDisc can be completely lifted in order to be able to work solo with the powering .
This process runs automatically and allows the yield potential of the respective plant to be optimally exploited. .
The AirVac system is based onto the principle of vacuum singulation, in which the seed is sucked onto a perforated .
In addition, the seeding unit can easily be detached from the power harrow via only 4 attachment points in order to use the Kredo .
AutoSpeed is the most convenient solution for achieving consistent deposit accuracy at optimum rights-of-way .
The AirSpeed system works , according to overpressure , in which grains are pressed against the perforated .
The TD Express combines the advantages of a manoeuvrable seed bar with the power of Pronto .
In both , the grains pass through separator , which ensures that double occupancy eliminated. .
Varying soil conditions normally lead to different results from sowing quality .
The compact , smooth High-Speed thus ensures a noticeable increase in productivity. .
By using the AutoSpeed , the driver specifies the desired deposit .
The special feature of this particular component is that it does not have to be replaced when changing the crop and that no adjustment work was to be carried out on it by the driver. .
The contour separating the stop has been optimised to ensure reliable separation .
DiscSystem of the TD Express ensure perfect fine soil production at speeds of 10 - 20 km/h. .
The transfer of the seed from the metering unit into the soil is one of the fundamental differences in the two new generations of metering units: : After the seed in the AirVac system is fed to the bottom by means of a downpipe and pressed on the catcher roller .
Now that Maestro transmits a varying target speed of tractor, depending on whether the desired value is exceeded .
Due to the intensive soil cultivation, , a power shaft can be dispensed .
way, In the UK we are kept as constant as possible. .
For those who generally drive lane-to-lane despite the steering system, , even skipping the second lane would lead to an improved workflow. .
With the AirSpeed , the separated grains are captured by an air stream, and accelerated with the air stream through a shot tube into the ground. .
Thanks to the large passage, 460 mm discs are insensitive even to high levels of organic material. .
They are intercepted and embedded by catching roller. .
Tramline errors are also frequently caused by unintentional counting of the track when numbers, at obstacles inside the loft. .
With both metering , the grains pass through a grain sensor into the drop or shot tube for optimum monitoring of the sowing .
The working depth of the DiscSystem can be adjusted hydraulically from the tractor. .
The sensor's measuring technology is capable of counting and determining distances between grain and grain and thus also transmits imformation to the driver with regard to double and missing grains. .
With HORSCH AutoLine, on the other hand , the positions of all other tramlines are automatically calculated on a satellite basis after the first tramline has been created. .
Uniform 's emergence is now a prerequisite for an even greater crop. .
The transmitted values of the singling accuracy are clearly displayed on the terminal of the machine and additionally up to the safety of sowing. .
To achieve this , optimal levelling and reconsolidation from the seedbed must be carried out .
It is no more necessary to follow the machine .
The AirVac and AirSpeed feeders are driven as standard and can be controlled individually to each other .
The packer elements of the FarmFlex packer with 54 cm diameter will be specially adapted to the seed coulters .
The technology allows the familiar functions of single row shutdown, SectionControl, VariableRate and tramline control. .
Whenever the machine enters a lane that is supposed to contain a tramline, , the flaps are automatically actuated. .
For VariableRate, , the metering systems are designed in such a way that the seed rate can be changed in relation to individuals .
Seed placement and embedding may be a crucial factor in that .
The prerequisite for using this function is the creation of a HORSCH Touch .
Equally essential to success, however, has been adherence to the optimal windows for seeding. .
Starting in 2020, selected product families of HORSCH Universal Drilling Technology will be available with new RowControl distribution .
In addition to high forward speeds of up to 20 km/h, , the Pronto DC offers large seed hoppers for long ranges. .
But in the case of tramline , it is possible to individually adjust the sowing rate in the rows to the left and right of the tramline. .
All bearing points on the tooling of the Pronto DC designed without service .
With these advance features, , you can use some of all the measures taken to increase precision during sowing. .
HORSCH took this approach two years ago , in addition to reduced effort for daily maintenance, , but it offers a high degree of operational reliabilities even under the most difficult conditions. .
The new double tank system MTS (Main Tank Supply) for the Maestro CV stores 3 000 litres of fertilisers and 800 litres of seed. .
Due to the use of singling row cut-off, overlaps and faults are now a thing of the past .
SW concept promises maximum output for large farms after ploughing for mulch .
The combination of the large-volume HORSCH seed wagon for (12 000 l for 8 and 9 SW, 17 000 l for 12 SW) with the Pronto sowing unit results in significant advantaging in terms of stability, accessibility and flexibility. .
Seeds, fertilizer micro-granules .
This facilitates the calibration and the adjustment of the machine as well as all maintenance .
Unseeded strips can be precisely sown without having to accept overlaps or so highs .
Tramlines can be switched on a single row of bases in any gauge and track .
The seed is continuously transported to the individual row units with a aid like MTS and it is separated by the AirVac metering .
Thanks to TurboDisc sowing , speeds between 10 and 20 km/h are also possible .
The great advantage of MTS is the simple filling of the central seed hopper with simultaneous separation of seed on the row by a short distance to the seeds .
But at the beginning of the field , the specific pattern is no longer necessary. .
In both versions , the fertiliser hopper is designed to equip <eos> with the proven HORSCH metering technology and reliably and precisely operate the Maestro's under-foot fertiliser .
Chassis and frame about sowing all form even a solid unit. .
The HORSCH RowControl distribution tower is able to shut off individual rows without affecting the lateral distribution of the machine due to its sophisticated seed and air guidance. .
In practice, , it depends on the application, that will make sense to combine individual rows into small sections. .
The Maestro coulter hitch can be fitted in 8 rows and 9 rows with 70 optical / to 80 cm and 30" row .
This is basically comparable to the Pronto 7 to 9 DC withour seed .
With the development of the RowControl distribution network , tower, HORSCH continues to consistently join the path of precision in seeding. .
DiscSystem and the TurboDisc seeded bar are lifted by hydraulic cylinders. .
The rigid drawbar of the seed unit is <eos> by the seed wagon and follows the seed wagon like a 1-axle .
<eos> , in and application with 12 rows, distances between 45 and 50 cm are available. .
The newly developed clamping profile will allow conversion from 12 to 8 rows. .
Despite the large width of 12 m, , transporting the width of 3 m is possible. .
After the good experiences in the field of crop protection, , the intuitive operating logic from the HORSCH Leeb LT has been optimized and expanded for the field of seeding .
With the I-Manager, , HORSCH is gradually introducing a new ISOBUS operating concept for touch terminals. .
This self-developed system has many new and innovative functions that make it easier for the farmer to operate and monitor his technology. .
The new row body had a wide, stable parallelogram and is equipped as standard with a hydraulic cylinder for coulter pressure .
But in the future he can configure the display of the terminal interface according to his wishes. .
Due to the seed wagon , the filling of the seed hopper has no influence on the working depth of the sowing .
With I-Manager hardware and software, , a platform has been specifically created that can handle an almost unlimited number of sections and components in the dosing .
Coulter pressures of up to 350 kg per row can be used manually in the terminal or fully integrated automatically with innovative AutoForce coulter pressure control . system.
The HORSCH seed wagons concept provides large tank volumes to worker widths from 8 m. .
The aim of this development is to introduce a fully diagnosable system in all areas of seeding technology in future. .
The weight of the seed wagon is used to generate coulter pressure across the full width of the machine, , relieving the load on the seed wagon wheels .
Even without the filling , the filling openings of the seed wagon are very easy to reach, as the wings of the Pronto sowing unit do interfere with the filling .
Thanks for the double tank system, fertiliser will be transported at the same time and incorporated directly into the soil via the PPF (NOT system with 12 Pronto SW 3 m transport .
In future, , HorschConnect will serve that network with the customer, machine and HORSCH. .
The AirVac dosing unit can be used universally for exact grain separation. .
This connectivity is possibles by the SmartCan module, , which will allow more and more HORSCH machines to be equipped with computers in the future. .
With different metering discs, corn, sugar , soybeans and rapeseed , you can reliably .
The AirVac system is based on the principle of vacuum singulation, in which the seed is sucked onto a perforated .
Data is being available in the cloud or usable via WLAN for mobile device (e.g. or smartphone tablet). .
A doubling drop gate below the dosing unit allows a mechanical or optionally electronic half-side .
The grains picked up a pass from scraper process, , which ensures a double occupancies .
<eos> avoids overlaps and saves seed money .
A GPS receiver completes the various possibilities. .
The filling screw optionally .
This is where HORSCH MobileControl come into play. .
The special feature of the AirVac will be that the user does not have to make any adjustments. .
With the help of this app, , which is available for Android and iOS, , the customer can access the recorded data directly with smartphone. .
The Pronto 6 AS allows the use of the seed wagon with pre-implements in combination with the TurboDisc tyre packer combination or the Maestro RV. .
The contouring of the scraper has been optimised to ensure the reliable separation of all crops. .
The seed is fed from the AirVac unit and the bottom means a downpipe. .
MobileControl also enables the farmer to carry out machine functions such as ( calibration ) HORSCH seed nozzle tests on Leeb crop protection sprayer or a single row of tests on Maestro precision air seeders very easily with his mobile phone. .
If the TurboDisc coulter is used for drilling, highs , speeds of up to 20 km/h and associated high acreage outputs are possible. .
The grain sensor is integrated in the downpipe for optimum monitoring from the sowing .
The proven Pronto principle of seedbed preparation, sowing ensures the highest precision seed placements and safe and high field emergence. .
Wireless softwares updates or remote diagnostics in case of error messages are also planned for future HorschConnect. .
Furthermore, datums and various farm management systems will be possible. .
For sowing crops such as (e.g. maize and beet) , the Pronto 6 AS can be combined with a Maestro RV. .
The sensor's measurement technology was able to count and determine distances between grains and thus provided the driver with information regarding the missing grains. .
The system would already be connecting to the agrirouter for the Agritechnica .
The singling of the Maestro ensures that the crop is sown using the single grain method and the seed wagon of the Pronto 6 AS to be used for fertiliser. .
Additional benefits are provided by the front-mounted disc harrow for the preparation and levelling of the tractor .
DKE GmbH is a consortium of various companies in the agricultural sector in which HORSCH is also participates. .
The transmitted values of singling accuracy are clearly displayed in the terminal of a machine and additionally increase the safety of sowing. .
The aim of this alliance is to develop an interface for data data in order to transmit digital information wirelessly to participating partners. .
The AirVac stop separating is electrically driven as standard and can be controlled individually for each row. .
This technology allows the familiars functions of single row shutdown, SectionControl, VariableRate .
The difference between the TurboDisc attachment and the Maestro RV can be made very easily and quickly via the integrated 3-point interface of the Pronto 6 .
For VariableRate, , the AirVac sistem is designed so that the seed rate can be changed on a row-by-row basis .
The agrirouter functions as a data hub and is working on a machine-side interface in this. .
Pronto 6 AS can be equipped with a large single tank (3 500 l) for long .
In the case of tramline , it is possible to individually adjust the sowing rate in the rows to the left and right of the tramline. .
A double tank (5 000 l) is available as an option for storing seed and fertiliser. .
With these advanced measures , precision increases during sowing can be fully exploited. .
The fertiliser can be placed together with the seed (G & F) as a separate under-foot fertiliser (PPF) next to the row. .
In addition , future, is willing to make it easier for example, to easily transfer application cards or orders from the PC in the office to the machine or again. .
The compact unit Maestro DV consisting of a large volume seed and a seed bar with 6 m working width as a precision seed bar with 8 row offers high performance with comparatively low demands on the towing vehicle. .
The agrirouter did not store any data, but merely forward it. .
The chassis of the Pronto 6 AS is equipped in a separate axle. .
Almost all operations and road transports are carried out on large-volume wheels - 45 26.5). .
By mountings a seed bar via a 4-point , it is possible to mount a Pronto NT seed bar with 4 or 5 m width for broad sowing .
In the working position, the wheels are completely lifted out in conjunctions with the TurboDisc tyre packer combination so that the targeted reconsolidation with the tyre at packer can take place. .
This allows the Maestro DV to be used even more universally and it all-rounder among seed drills. .
In order to optimally see all customer requirements, , the Maestro seed wagon can be supplied by two configurations. .
When working with Maestro , the wheels carry the weight of the seed .
When working with the Maestro , DV with a Pronto NT seed bar, seed and fertiliser can be applied simultaneously in the 3 litre double tank as a Grain & Fertiliser system into the seed .
